Updated deleteTask use case in DG, and updated PPP for harish-coding. (#243)
AY2122S2-CS2103T-W09-4/tp: docs/DeveloperGuide.md

      Use case ends.

> * 3b. If the value of index is less than 1 or greater than the number of tasks assigned to that person.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* 3b. If the value of the specified index is less than 1 or greater than the number of tasks assigned to that student.
```
